en: add handle-performance-issues.md (#142)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/handle-performance-issues.md

- If DM's Binlog replication processing unit reads the binlog event from the relay log file, when `binlog event size` is not too large, the value of `write relay log duration` should be microseconds. If `read binlog event duration` is too large, check the write performance of the disk. To avoid low write performance, use local SSDs for DM-worker.

### binlog event conversion

The Binlog replication unit constructs DML, parses DDL, and performs [table router](key-features.md#table-routing) conversion from binlog event data. The related metric is `transform binlog event duration`.

The duration is mainly affected by the write operations upstream. Take the `INSERT INTO` statement as an example, the time consumed to convert a single `VALUES` greatly differs from that to convert a lot of `VALUES`. The time consumed might range from tens of microseconds to hundreds of microseconds. However, usually this is not a bottleneck of the system.

### Write SQL statements to downstream

When the Binlog replication unit writes the converted SQL statements to the downstream, the related performance metrics are `DML queue remain length` and `transaction execution latency`.

> After constructing SQL statements from binlog event, DM uses `worker-count` queues to concurrently write these statements to the downstream. However, to avoid too many monitoring entries, DM performs the modulo `8` operation on the number of concurrent queues. This means that all concurrent queues correspond to items from `q_0` to `q_7`.

Reviewer: 1. Please double check the use of `number` as we have discussed.
2. 
```suggestion
After constructing SQL statements from binlog event, DM uses `worker-count` queues to concurrently write these statements to the downstream. However, to avoid too many monitoring entries, DM performs the modulo `8` operation on the number of concurrent queues. This means that all concurrent queues correspond to one item from `q_0` to `q_7`.
```

Author: Updated. PTAL~

> `DML queue remain length` indicates in the concurrent processing queue, the number of DML statements that have not been consumed and start to be written downstream. Ideally, the curves corresponding to each `q_*` are almost the same. If not, it indicates that the concurrent load is extremely unbalanced.

Reviewer: `尚未取出并开始用于向下游写入的 DML 语句数`, please confirm whether `尚未` covers both `取出` and `开始用于`.

Author: Confirmed with the author. `尚未` covers both. updated in 319091735f24a2c849784677f0b5ef4bf0a93e0a
